This lesson we're gonna
be looking at some of
the table classes that
are commonly used.
And they do have
some really cool table
classes just by adding in
the main table class
that's gonna already
structure IR tables in
a nice readable format.
You can set the table hover.
So that creates this type of
hovering effect on the rows.
I've also got this
set to table dark,
and I've done the table board
unless it's turned
the table dark,
so inverted the colors and
also set it as borderless.
There's also an example
below of another table,
and this is where we're using
the different table
colors that we
have for the textile classes,
such as the primary success
danger info warning.
And those are also all
available as Table colors.
This one has the table
primary applied to all of it.
That's why it's slightly blue
and we're also using the
table-striped class.
You can use a combination
of the table classes.
And the table-striped gives you
the zebra type pattern for
the rows of content
within the table,
making it a whole
lot easier to read.
Let's create a table
and then we apply
some Bootstrap
classes to the table.
I've got to add the table
within the container
and set the sum of the
classes for the table.
This is gonna be using
the class table.
That's going to apply the table
class and allow us to add
table options within
the table elements
that we're creating.
So this is setting up the table
heading will list out just
like the first and
last names for people.
And so this can be the
head of the table.
And next let's set up
the body for the table.
So using the HTML
body for the body.
And then we've got number
of rows of content.
So have them in
line with what we
have for the first and last.
So we're just going to
have the two columns.
Of course, you can add in
as many columns as you
want using the TD for
additional cells,
we want some more
rows of content.
And I'll update this
and update some
of the names that we
have and save that.
So that gives us a table.
And right away there's
really nice styling
with just adding in
the table class.
If you were to remove that,
It's just regular text
content and you don't have
any structure for the table.
So just by adding
the table class,
it gives you quite
a lot of options
there within the table already.
So there are some ways.
So this is just a basic table
that applies the
basic table styling.
And of course the table is
going to be responsive.
That makes it really
nice that it's
just the one class she
can add in the table.
I'll give you some additional
options for the tables.
So a few other tables.
And we'll create some
within the fluid class.
That's the table within
the fluid class.
And the difference is
that the container,
the parent containers larger
within the fluid class.
There's also some additional
classes that you can set.
One of my favorite ones is
the table-striped class.
And what that does
is that stripes.
It does the zebra
stripes to the table.
So every other row on the table.
You can also do a table
boarded and it adds borders
to the sides of the table.
So applying some borders
and also under the
heading class,
it added that solid line.
There's also the table
has either hover.
So odd that into the top table.
What table hover
does is it allows
that hover effect
over the elements.
So as you're selecting
the rows of content,
it hovers and highlights
role of content.
You can also apply
different table colors.
So there's a table dark.
What table dark is,
it essentially turns a dark
dot hover will still work.
Combinations that you can do.
So you can do the table dark.
You can also have
borderless table.
Let's set this as table
border Less class,
so that removes any of the
borders from the table.
There's also the
contextual clauses
that you can add to the table.
So setting up the default
table colors using the table,
the color scheme that you
have within Bootstrap,
which are the primary, sets,
the entire table to
the primary class.
You could also select,
if you want to set for the table
had set this as table info.
That will apply the class to
that particular row of content.
There's also all
other table classes.
You can set multiple
table classes,
such as the table octave
or table success,
the table octave.
And that basically
highlights it as octave.
There's also the table success.
And we'll take a look
at the different colors
and the upcoming lesson.